Now let's say that we want to give our element a class.
This second argument here is for properties that we want to give to our DOM node.
So, let's give it a class of welcome-message, and we'll save this.
Then you'll notice here that we get a warning here in the
console," Invalid DOM property 'class'.
Did you mean 'className'?".
This is a warning that React is giving us.
It's saying that the word 'class' is not actually a valid DOM property,
it's suggesting that we use className instead.
So, let's try that.
Now, we can see that the warning is gone.
The element, if we look here in the console,
has the class that we expect.
Well, that's a little confusing,
but it's not if you remember that these elements actually describe DOM nodes, not HTML.
'Class' is the name of the HTML attribute.
Once the browser parses it and turns it into a real DOM node,
the DOM property name is className.
Let's inspect this div in the console.
So, here I have this div in the console.
You'll see that though its HTML representation has the word 'class',
if I say div.class,
here I'm using the object,
the actual DOM node div.class is undefined,
but div.className is the string that we would expect.
So when we're creating these React elements,
you always have to remember that you're describing DOM nodes, not HTML strings.
When learning about React,
you might have come across the term 'Virtual DOM'.
What the term means is that these aren't real DOM elements that we're creating here.
Instead, these are objects that describe real DOM nodes.
So when we call react.create element,
we haven't actually created anything in the DOM yet,
it's not until we say render,
that the browser actually creates a real DOM element